(The Master Key, Angel Versus Demon)
Among 12 keys the members have,
one of the keys is Angel's Master
Key, and one is Demon's Master Key.
(Angel's Master Key and
Demon's Master Key)
(There are Angel and Demon
among these players.)
(The Master Key's Game has become
more difficult.)
I can't really lie to people
as I am quite an innocent person.
(Players fight to find the Angel.)
(Someone is lying.)
(The truth starts to come out.)
- You are the Demon.
- I am 100 percent sure.
(Who are the Demon and Angel?)
- Hello.
(Fantastic players appear
with fresh breeze of autumn air.)
Hello.
- Hello.
- Here is Chan Yeol.
Why are you so dressed up today,
Chan Yeol?
Hello.
Min Ho is here too.
(The swag master of Winner,
Song Min Ho)
Hello.
(Jin Young of Got7,
Key of SHINee)
Do I have to go there?
I am finally here at Master Key.
Cheers.
(Actress Lee Sun Bin,
Sana of Twice)
- Hello.
- How are you?
You look good today.
(The healing-inducing leader of
NU'EST, JR)
It will be so hard to read her face
since she is an actress.
- We are here.
- What is this?
Take your nameplates
and enter Room of Fate.
- This is the Room of Fate.
- It feels different today.
We don't look for the keys anymore.
It's better that way.
- Let's go inside.
- Okay.
- It looks nice in here.
- Do I take my nameplate with me?
- Hello.
The room looks different today.
- It looks different today.
The keys look different too.
We didn't have this before.
I like it.
(12 keys are placed randomly.)
- Come inside.
- That is your cabinet.
You just have to choose the key
that you think is the Master Key.
You can stand anywhere.
Take your nameplate with you.
(As soon as they choose their key,
they become the owner of the key.)
Stand in front of the key
you choose.
- There is nothing special.
- There isn't.
- I don't know where to stand.
- Don't think too hard.
You can just stand anywhere
you want.
- Do I just stand here like this?
- You can choose first.
No, you can choose first.
Do you want to stand here?
- Sana, did you choose the key?
- We have to work together.
- I will stand here.
- You have to discuss with me.
(They have finished choosing
their places.)
- We have a lot to discuss.
- Min Ho.
We have the best players today.
It is going to be fun today.
What do you think?
- JR.
- Yes?
What do you think
of today's players?
- What?
- We have the best players today.
- You want to team up with them?
- They are so handsome.
Who is the youngest player here?
- How old is Key?
- I am 22 years old.
- How old are you, Seong Wu?
- I am 23 years old.
You must be their senior, right?
No.
- I debuted in 2014.
- Oh, really?
I am sorry, but I can't talk
casually to Sun Bin.
I am 24 years old.
- Are you?
- She's still young.
We thought she was older than that
as she is a great actress.
It will be the talk of town today...
since we have the hottest
celebrities as today's players.
- Yes.
- Right?
The rules have changed from
this week.
- It's a psychological warfare.
- Exactly.
Key Man will tell us
about the rules.
Players.
You can find the
real Master Key...
in Room of Fate.
I will explain the rules
of games in Master Village.
Open the cabinet in front of you.
There is an explanation.
There are 2 keys that can open...
the prize box among 12 keys.
- Two keys.
- One is the Angel's Master Key...
and other one is Demon's Master Key.
You have to look for Angel's Master
Key and vote for the player.
(You have to look for Angel's Master
Key and vote for the player.)
If the players vote for the Angel
and open the prize box,
the players can win the prize...
- in the end.
- We have to look for the Angel.
(The prize will be shared to
the players equally.)
If I was the Angel...
Angel.
If you were the Angel,
you have to tell people to
vote for you.
The prize can be shared to players
equally.
It will be better if more players
vote for Angel.
- Sana, did you understand the rule?
- Yes.
If she understood,
it's good to start.
However, if you vote for the Demon,
the number of players' votes
will multiply the prize.
The Demon can take the prize alone.
Then the players won't be able to
receive the prize.
There will be two players then.
- Players who are Angel and Demon.
- That's right.
The Demon can tell people
that he's Angel.
He can win the votes like that
to take the prize.
If 6 players vote for Demon,
his prize will be multiplied by 6.
It shouldn't happen like that.
We shouldn't let the Demon
take everything.
Players can also vote for a player
who doesn't have any of those keys.
The amount of prize will be same
as the number of players' votes.
The player can take the whole prize.
The other players won't be able
to receive the prize.
(The player can take the prize.)
That means, there will be
three players.
Angel, Demon,
and a player with no keys.
A player can act like Angel.
The player can also act
as Demon too.
In that way, he can take the prize.
Even if you are not Angel or Demon,
you can still win the prize...
by persuading people.
We had to use two keys to
open the prize box.
But now we only have to use one key.
I think today's episode will be...
a mess like dogs' fight.
- Because...
- It's inappropriate to say.
- "A mess like dog's fight."
- I haven't been on public shows.
Which public show is this?
- It is a public show.
- Where are we?
It is a public show you are on.
Don't check your keys. Let's raise
hands if you think you're the Demon.
Let's guess first.
- Sun Bin is Demon.
- Me?
- She's wearing dark clothes.
- I think so too.
I think she must be the Demon.
I also think I'm the Demon.
I think it will be hard to read her
since she is a good actress.
- No way.
- I think he's the one.
- It is also hard to read Min Ho.
- Yes.
It will be really easy to read
Chan Yeol though.
He won't find it easy to
control his facial expression.
His ears will blush too.
Jin Young is also good at
controlling his facial expression.
- A poker face.
- Daniel.
I think JR is a hardest one to read.
He's so sly.
- I agree.
- Me?
It won't be easy to read him.
Sana, are you good at
controlling your facial expression?
(She makes the cat face.)
- I don't know.
- I think she's hard to read.
I think she's also good at
controlling her facial expression.
- "I don't know."
- Is she lying already?
All right, Players.
It's the time to check...
who has the Angel's Master Key
and Demon's Master Key.
The first player to check is...
Chan Yeol.
The easiest player goes first.
Chan Yeol, place your key on the
cabinet...
and ask the question.
He looks like the actor from
"Constantine".
He looks like Keanu Reeves.
You are Demon. I'm sure.
- What are you talking about?
- Sorry.
Don't open the cabinet so wide.
I'm so nervous.
The color of light shows
that he has the Master Key.
- The light came on.
- All right.
Is this key the Master Key?
Don't open it too wide.
You have to show us your face too.
I don't think he will act well.
Show us.
I think...
- we caught you.
- He's the Demon.
He's also good at controlling
his facial expression.
It's Daniel's turn now.
Is this key the Master Key?
He opens it wide these days.
What was that?
Why are you so bad at this?
Can't you do better than that?
- He might act that way on purpose.
- Yes.
(What will Daniel be?)
What was that?
It will be hard to read Min Ho.
He is just...
Is this key...
- the Master Key?
- I think he has the Key.
- I think he has one.
- Min Ho.
Gosh, Min Ho.
- Gosh.
- Whatever.
Isn't it good to be Angel?
(He tells people
that he's the Angel.)
- He's so bad at lying.
- He's not Angel.
- Min Ho, you are so bad at this.
- It said I'm the Angel.
He's saying that he's the Angel.
- Is this key the Master Key?
Seong Wu can act well too.
I hope none of them are Demon.
- I think one of them is Demon.
- Firstly,
it will be better to team up
with me.
We can all team up.
I think it was a wrong choice
to wear this outfit today.
Because you are Angel?
Look at his neck.
He's wearing a Demon's belt.
We caught you.
- Put your key in.
- Is this key...
the Master Key?
Master Key.
His name is also Key.
- He is Mr. Key.
- What Key are you?
Did you see his face?
I am sure about Key.
He looks flustered.
Next player.
Is this key the Master Key?
It's idol singer versus
the sly player.
(The players' facial expression is
also important when deciding.)
- Did you see Jin Young's face?
- He looked awkward.
- What?
- Did you see?
- You have the Master Key.
- He has one.
Is this key the Master Key?
No way.
- Does he?
- No way.
(Gosh)
He's funny.
He's trying so hard.
(He's good at overreacting.)
Do you need to go to the bathroom?
I was surprised. Next.
(He's good at making people laugh.)
Is this key the Master Key?
- She's cute.
- Master Key.
Is this key the Master Key?
Show me.
I think he has one.
(His acting never gets better.)
Did you really have to
act like that?
- She's pretty.
- Look at her.
Is she the Angel?
Is this key the Master Key?
No.
A lot of people want to be
friends with me
Why is mine playing music?
That's strange.
(He sings "Angel with No Wings"
to tell people that he's the Angel.)
Why are you singing that song?
Why is there a long sentence
on mine?
- What?
- It says "You are X", right?
No. It doesn't say that.
Doesn't it say that
"Your key is Angel's Master Key"?
I got O.
- How many Angels do we have then?
- O shows that you are Angel.
Everyone is trying so hard.
The Angel must work hard.
If you are the Angel,
you only have to find the Demon.
I am sure of it.
He keeps saying that he's Angel.
Why do you think I do that?
Just trust me for once.
Raise your hands if you are
the Angel.
- What a joke.
- But...
Raise your hands if you are
the Angel.
(Everyone is Angel.)
(There is only one key for Angel.)
Jin Young, why didn't you raise
your hand?
- Why didn't you?
- Because he's Demon.
Everyone is saying that
they are Angel.
- Gosh. That was unexpected.
- He's good.
Okay then.
Players, please move to
the locker room.
Let's go.
Angel and Demon must remain here.
Everyone else can go.
I have to discuss something
with them.
No one will leave then.
Why do you keep telling people?
Players who received X
always talk a lot.
Doesn't Angel have to tell others?
I sang the song earlier.
- Is that why you sang the song?
- Yes.
No one knows the song
since they are all young.
Only Key must know the song then.
Gosh.
I think you really are Angel.
Can you give me Angel's wings
with computer graphics?
Please make the wings for me.
You guys are so bad at this.
We shouldn't act like that
at this stage.
Do we go that way?
Angel must...
I can tell others about myself
if I am Angel, right?
Yes. It's better to tell others.
- The rules changed.
- Yes.
- Are you Angel?
You're so mean.
- I am the Angel.
- He also says that he is the Angel.
Min Ho is not the Angel.
If I were the Angel, everyone must
work together to win the prize.
I am the Angel.
Why do you keep saying you are?
We have three Angels already.
He is not the Angel.
Key, you have to
trust your instinct.
- Gosh.
- Look at him.
Henry, you're acting weird today.
Min Ho, why don't you exercise?
Me? Angel doesn't need to exercise.
I just have to tell others
if I am the Angel, right?
- No.
- Everyone else is doing it.
You guys can suit yourselves.
"You guys can suit yourselves."
JR, come here. Let's go.
You guys can stay here.
Where are we going?
(Su Geun secretly calls JR.)
- JR.
- Yes?
Did you ever see me lying to people?
You?
This game is to win the prize.
- Yes.
- I know what you're thinking.
I know that you don't trust me now.
- Really?
- Am I wrong?
That's not true.
I don't have any thoughts
at the moment.
You don't trust me, do you?
Su Geun, I'm the Angel though.
I am the Angel.
That's why you are not the Angel.
What are you talking about?
I am the Angel.
- He's driving me crazy.
- I'm telling you.
- Hey.
- I am the Angel.
I beg you.
Stop it now.
You have to vote for me.
Everyone can get the prize.
I am telling you.
You have to trust me.
- JR.
- Su Geun.
I'm doing this so that
you can also win the prize.
(They both ask each other
to trust each other.)
If I am the Angel,
it's better to receive many votes.
If I am the Angel...
I am the Angel actually.
- I don't think you are.
- Okay.
All right.
That's why you have to vote for me.
Why? Is it because you are Demon?
If you vote for Demon...
- This is so unfair.
- If three of us vote for her,
she will take the prize.
- We won't get any prize, right?
- Of course, we won't.
I find this situation quite unfair.
I am telling people that
I'm the Angel.
Demon and a random player
must tell others that they're Angel.
Everyone wants to be the Angel.
If Demon takes the prize,
no one will have the prize.
- Just do as I say.
- I am the Angel though.
(Min Ho keeps telling people
that he's the Angel.)
He's driving me crazy.
Only Angels can enter.
I am the Angel.
I can't say anything back to her.
You have to look closely to those...
who stays quiet during the show.
Daniel is really good at
controlling his facial expression.
- Yes. I am.
- He is not the Angel.
- Jin Young is the Angel I think.
- Why?
I think you are the one.
Everyone is trying so hard
from the beginning.
I can't trust anyone.
I think he will do well
even if he was the Angel.
I am just scared that
he might be acting too.
- He's the Demon.
- He is.
Is he?
- What about you, Chan Yeol?
- I won't say anything.
Why won't you say anything?
I want to just watch others for now.
You have to tell others
if you are the Angel.
- That way...
- Everyone is saying that...
they are the Angel. And that makes
it hard for me to trust.
Everyone is confusing each other.
I can give everything to prove
that you guys are not the Angel.
I am the Angel.
Sana, why are you lying?
Sana says that she's the Angel.
Min Ho, what did you see on the
screen?
It said,
"Your key is Angel's Master Key."
- What did it say?
- "Angel's Master Key".
Angel's Master Key.
(Whatever)
- What did he say?
- He said "Angel's Master Key".
(He doesn't sound too reliable.)
He doesn't know what the
screen actually says.
"Your key is Angel's Master Key."
"Your key is Angel's Master Key"?
No.
It says, "You are the Angel."
- I don't remember well.
- Excuse me.
You are also not the Angel.
What about X then?
It just shows X on the screen.
- Does it show an X on the screen?
- Yes.
That's what you saw on your screen.
You were just surprised.
That was written on your screen.
I didn't know it.
- Min Ho looks so surprised.
- That's what your screen showed.
That's what your screen showed.
- I shouldn't say anything.
- I am the Angel though.
We already know that you're lying.
- Just watch me.
- I think...
- "Just watch me."
- He answered so awkwardly.
There are three Angels now.
(These 3 friends came out
from the room secretly.)
All right.
We can tell each other, right?
- I think so.
- I think so too.
- I think Su Geun is lying.
- I don't think he's the Angel.
- I don't know.
What about the female players?
It is very hard to read
those female players.
It is very hard to read them.
So you saw an X on your screen?
(Nodding)
Okay. I will go inside now.
- I will go inside now.
- Okay. Good.
They don't trust me.
- Why don't you guys trust me?
- JR is not the Angel.
- JR said he is not the Angel.
- When did I ever lie to you guys?
(Angel's Master Key and
Demon's Master Key appear.)
If you vote for Angel's Master Key
and open the prize box,
the players who voted for the Angel
receives the prize.
(If they find the Angel's Master
Key, everyone will be happy.)
If you vote for Demon's Master Key,
only the Demon will take the prize.
The players who voted for Demon
won't be able to receive the prize.
(They have to be careful of Demon
who lies to players.)
If a random player receives
the most votes,
the amount of prize will get bigger
as the number of votes increases.
The random player will take
the whole prize.
(That means anyone can win
without Master Keys.)
(Will this harsh Master Key war
end happily?)
I am telling you. I am the Angel.
Why would I say this
if I was Demon?
But you don't look like Angel.
She keeps saying that
I don't look like one.
I look so innocent.
You guys will end up voting me.
You guys might lose the game.
- Just be quiet.
- Okay.
I actually hate this game.
It's about winning Gold Chance Card.
A player who received
the most votes from the people...
will give Gold Chance Card.
Gosh. Today...
Today will be a tough one.
Yes, it will be.
We have members
from Exo, Wanna One,
- NU'EST, and SHINee.
- Last time...
- I'm not sure.
- Min Ho is very popular too.
- I don't know how it will turn out.
- We have a member from Twice too.
- Don't forget Got7 as well.
- Got7. This is great.
Which player received
the most votes from the Watchers?
(The Gold Chance Card is at stake.
Which player got the most votes?)
It's Chan Yeol!
(Chan Yeol is chosen!)
From Exo, Baek Hyun was
chosen previously.
Go to the front and choose one.
- Good for you.
- Thank you.
Starting today, we're going
to reveal the Gold Chance Card.
Chan Yeol will get an upper hand
if he's the Demon.
- That's right.
- If he's not the Demon...
- Read it.
- Or...
"Your vote will count twice."
(It will count 2 times?)
For example, he chose me,
that means I got two votes from him.
So he's a special guy.
- That's a good one.
- There was a similar one.
- This might be either bad...
- Right.
- or good.
- Or it might be good.
- What is it?
- There's something else.
- He can vote for the Demon twice.
- That's right.
- So he can take more money.
If you make a wrong guess
and vote for the Demon twice,
it won't be good.
(What will Chan Yeol's decision be?)
(Gold Chance Card will be either
helpful or disadvantageous.)
(This crucial Card can turn
the table around the game.)
(Can Chan Yeol figure out
who the Angel is?)
- Use it well.
- I will. Thank you.
So what's our first mission?
This is Choose Your Race,
1-on-1 running race.
- You will choose one...
- Running race?
You will choose 1 of 2 paper doors,
and go through the chosen door.
You must run your tracks
as fast as you can.
I take that the team with more wins
is going to take the victory.
You can choose different paper
doors at each section.
Decide the order of your players,
and participate in the races.
The players must take
off their shoes and socks.
When you go through the paper doors,
there are many things that can
throw you off your game.
- What if there are Lego blocks?
- Imagine you went through the door,
and there's a 20m-deep pit.
- You must run in the basement.
- That's right.
- This is scaring me.
- I'm sure they dug the whole track.
- There will be tacks too.
- Don't be surprised by the dark.
We'll give you a rope,
so you can climb back up.
My observation tells me Su Geun...
is neither the Angel nor the Demon.
He just feels pressured
to host the show.
- He has given up.
- He's just a host.
I presume he's desperate
to do something.
I agree.
Key, you can't say that to me.
You'll be surprised later.
- I'm the best listener here.
- He just gave up.
- You're done.
- Fine, fine.
Let's start the race.
Pick the players.
Sun Bin, you can't choose anyone
because you'll race with me.
I was thinking the same.
I was going to race you.
- I'm serious.
- You're shameless.
- Sun Bin...
- Since you're short, she might win.
I used to run tracks.
So did I.
- I have wings.
- Then you two should compete.
I bet you'll lose out to Sana.
I'll go against Sana then.
(If I can go against Hyun Moo,
then I'm in luck.)
Gosh, you're cruel.
- I'm a good runner.
- So am I.
- What about you, Chan Yeol?
- Chan Yeol.
- I'll choose Daniel.
- Daniel.
(Chan Yeol picks Daniel.)
- Have a race with him.
- He's my senior.
- What about you, Key?
- You're not a good runner, are you?
There are two things I'm bad at.
They are running
and keeping a poker face.
(He's bad at running
and keeping a poker face.)
Gosh, he just ruined the whole
suspense. He's something else.
What we should remember is
that speed is important,
but we never know
what lies ahead of us...
- That's right.
- when we go through the doors.
- That sounds scary.
- Speed isn't everything.
All right then. Why don't we start?
Come on!
(Depending on the players, the
difficulty level will be adjusted.)
- Sana, take off your shoes.
- I won't go easy on you.
I'm fast.
I'm really bad at running.
Hyun Moo.
You're taking off your jacket? You
must be planning to go all out...
against Sana.
- I'm going to win. I'm sorry!
- Unbelievable.
(Sana, let me apologize in advance.)
- Go for it.
- Do you best and get ready.
(Nervousness circles
around the tracks.)
Move to the starting line.
He stopped over.
You can do it.
- Get ready.
- Hold on!
Start!
(The race, Hyun Moo
versus Sana, begins.)
(They run at full speed.)
(To those who desperately
want to win,)
(I'll give you the hurdles.)
(Sana walks on the massage track
since Hyun Moo took Sana's track.)
Sana, take the lead!
Beat him! There you go!
(Good luck. I'm going now.)
Sana, take the lead. That's great!
- Sana, keep running.
- What a fool.
(Bye, Hyun Moo.)
- Sana, keep running.
- Keep going straight.
- That's awesome
- Sana.
- The tracks are switched now.
- Good job.
(Screaming)
(You'll get healthy
without realizing it.)
(When you step on this track,
this is the normal reaction to it.)
- I bet that hurts.
- He sounds like he's crying.
(Sana is in the lead.)
(She changes the course even though
Hyun Moo is clearly in pain.)
(This time, Sana gets
the massage track.)
That was great.
(Is the massage track
easier for Sana?)
(She gently runs
on the massage track.)
Sana! Sana!
- Sana!
- You can hold it.
(Enduring is part of the youth.)
Gosh, why are there so many?
(Hyun Moo struggles
with both tracks.)
We won. This is our win.
(Yes! I won!)
We won. See? I told you
this isn't predictable.
(The 1st round goes to Sana.)
(It seems as if he just
had his triathlon.)
Sana!
(He lost against her.)
Gosh, the massage track
hurts so much!
Sana!
(The score is 0 to 1.)
- Sana is the winner
- She's so cool.
I've never won
a running race before.
(It's my first win. Thank you.)
Sana said it's her first time
winning a running race.
(The crew sets up
the obstacles again.)
It's Daniel against Chan Yeol.
This time...
Chan Yeol! Show him what you got!
- You can do it.
- Go for it.
(Their looks are captivating.)
(Is this race really happening?)
You're ready, right?
My internal organs
aren't feeling good.
(Will Daniel of Wanna One win?)
You're ready, right?
(Or will Chan Yeol, the front man
of Exo, win the race?)
Start!
(The race begins.)
Chan Yeol is fast.
(Tingling)
Hey, Daniel.
- He's too fast.
- Goodness.
He's just walking fast.
(Screaming in pain)
(I have given up on running.)
Daniel isn't running.
(Chan Yeol is skipping the hurdles
without any hesitation.)
(Meanwhile, Daniel is...)
(walking on the massage track
for the 2nd time.)
Goodness!
Seriously. Give me a break.
(He walks in a sensuous manner.)
Daniel.
Hey.
- Poor him.
- Hey, Daniel.
(Pride of Exo)
Poor Daniel.
(What will Chan Yeol's
third section?)
Oh, no.
(I have no choice
but to walk on it.)
- I guess that really hurts.
- Catch up to him! Go after him!
He might not be able to catch up.
(If he gets hurdles, he has a shot.)
- He can catch up.
- Gosh, this hurts so much.
I guess they can't walk
fast on that track.
(This is my chance.)
No one can walk fast on it.
(However, Chan Yeol gets
the last hurdles.)
I guess hurdles are better
than massage tracks.
(What awaits Daniel is...)
(the unlucky massage track.)
(I'm sorry, but...)
- We lost. We definitely lost.
- This is fun. It's so much fun.
Chan Yeol is good at skipping
the hurdles.
(Chan Yeol advances with full force
after he regains his pace.)
Chan Yeol wins! Yes!
- What are you doing?
- What's going on?
Why are you walking?
(He finishes the race
with a struggle.)
I guess you're not good at walking
on the massage track.
(The score is 1 to 1.)
- It really hurts.
- It does indeed.
(The man of the hour
on the massage track is me!)
(And the man of the hour on the next
massage track is me again.)
Seriously. Give me a break.
(Daniel was chosen 3 times
by the massage track.)
Hey, you look rosy after walking
on the massage tracks.
My internal organs aren't
in good condition.
(His internal organs' health
just improved.)
(After Jin Young bags a win,
Team Hyun Moo is leading.)
I have a feeling you're
good at running.
(Su Geun shows off his fancy steps.)
(Did he just discover
an unexpected talent?)
Hey, should we walk like this
on the massage track?
- We should walk sideways.
- Sideways?
- Yes.
- Just like this?
You have to walk sideways then.
Are you game or not?
- I'm game.
- I'm in too.
(Meanwhile, on the other side...)
Gosh, I'm hungry.
Chan Yeol, aren't you the Demon?
I think either you or Henry
is the Demon.
(Angel and Demon haven't
been revealed.)
(What if he's the Demon?)
I won't tell you.
Are you the Angel?
(He puts on a mysterious smile.)
- He answers with actions.
- I won't tell you.
What about you, Daniel?
Are you the Demon?
I can't tell you now.
Then when will you tell me?
After the shoot ends?
- You keep saying that.
- Not now.
(Aren't you being too secretive?)
- Ready.
- Will you say, "start" or count?
Ready, set...
(Regardless, Su Geun's
challenge continues.)
Start!
- She's fast.
- Gosh, she's fast.
Start!
- She's fast.
- Gosh, she's fast.
(Sun Bin takes Su Geun's track.)
(What should I do?)
- Sweet! Nice!
- Oh, no! What should I do?
- That must hurt.
- Sweet! Nice!
(What will Su Geun's decision be?)
(Bravo!)
(I got the massage track again.)
(In pain)
What is it?
- They're not fighting, right?
- How am I supposed to walk on this?
I think they might be fighting.
How am I supposed to walk on this?
(Laughing)
(She's in despair.)
Goodness!
- Su Geun only got hurdles.
- He's good.
(He got the hurdles
3 times in a row.)
(Su Geun, the lucky guy)
Goodness, look at that old man.
(The problem lies in his strength.)
- Goodness!
- What if Sun Bin wins?
(As his strength dries up,
his luck does the same.)
Su Geun!
(His strength begins to disappear.)
(It's time!)
(Her last chance to take the lead)
No, no!
- He's taking his sweet time!
- Sun Bin!
(The distance between is
drastically decreasing.)
No, no!
Sun Bin!
(Will Sun Bin be able to catch
up to Su Geun?)
Sun Bin!
I think we're going to lose.
(Sun Bin skipped
over the last hurdle.)
(They are only a few steps away
from the finish line.)
(Which one of them will cross
the finish line first?)
(Sun Bin crosses
the finish line first.)
Sun Bin wins!
No, that's not it.
Hey, look.
Sun Bin crosses the white line
over there before you.
- It wasn't the flag.
- No, it wasn't.
- You took your time at the end.
- Put that back.
Hey, run sideways and see
if I was taking my time or not.
Su Geun struggled skipping hurdles
because he has short legs.
Sun Bin is good at running.
No.
(I already used up half
of the calories for the day.)
Start!
(The race, JR versus Henry, begins.)
(Welcome. This is your first time
on the massage track, isn't it?)
JR! JR! Start running.
JR.
JR, you must run!
(JR wins the race quite easily.)
- That was cool.
- Good job, JR.
- His ears are red.
- What's the score now?
- It's 3 to 2.
- We're winning.
- One more point. Who's last?
- Is it 4 to 2?
(Who are the last players that
will determine the victory?)
(It's Key of SHINee versus
Seong Wu of Wanna One.)
I'm really horrible at running.
I'm bad at it too.
You said you were good
at it earlier.
All I've been doing is
singing and dancing.
I don't have the slightest
talent in sports.
Not at all.
Key, go for it!
- You can do it!
Key, make sure you win! That's
how we'll go to the final.
I might lose.
Don't get your hopes up.
I'll be funny.
- Key! Key!
- Seong Wu! Seong Wu!
(On the last round,
the Key Guide is at stake.)
What? What is it?
(Key claims he's bad at sports,
and Seong Wu seems athletic.)
(The result may be obvious.)
Start!
(The race, Key versus
Seong Wu, begins.)
(Key, who's not athletic, gets
the hurdles in his first track.)
This hurts so much!
(Look at him.
Didn't he say he can't run?)
(Key chooses the hurdles again.)
(Seong Wu gets
the massage track again.)
Oh, my. This hurts a lot.
(At this rate,
I have a shot at winning.)
- Key, hurry! Run!
- Seong Wu!
- Key! Key!
- Ong! Ong!
Hey, Seong Wu isn't good at running.
(I'm going to turn
the table around.)
(Please let me have
the hurdles this time.)
(He's getting
his 3rd massage in a row.)
- My feet hurt so much.
- Key!
- Key! Key!
- Hurry, Key! Run faster!
- Go, Key!
- Key!
- Seong Wu isn't good at running.
(Only one track remains.)
Hey, Seong Wu can't run.
- What's going on?
- Key!
(Which track did Key choose?)
- Key! Key!
- Seong Wu isn't good at running.
- Key.
- This is amazing.
- Keep running, Key!
- Gosh, what's going on?
(He's truly the luckiest.
He chose hurdles for all 4 tracks.)
(And he's the icon of bad luck.)
Gosh, this hurts so much!
- Start working out from today.
- Poor you. You're fine.
- Okay.
- This really hurts.
Are we tied then?
Yes, we are.
- It's really painful.
- The score is even.
You're fine.
- I guess it really hurts.
- Okay.
- Are we tied?
- Yes, we are.
Since it's 3 to 3,
let's have the final race.
- Our team's best player is...
- Who's your best player?
- Key.
- Should he play one more time?
- Key!
- No, no.
- Key! Key!
- Key.
- Who won in our team?
- Key!
(You should just do it, Key.)
- Seong Wu can't. Definitely not.
- Should I try?
- Do you want to? Chan Yeol!
- Yes.
Our team's best player is Chan Yeol.
It's Exo versus SHINee.
(A match between SHINee and Exo)
(Which team will
take the first Key Guide?)
Gosh, this is really hard.
Who thought I'd be running
at full speed here?
Hey, drawing a picture with pens
is so much easier.
I can't believe I'm running.
Getting smacked with whipped cream
is easy. I don't do anything for it.
I guess you're right.
Running?
Key! You can do this, Key!
- Chan Yeol! Chan Yeol!
- Key! Key!
- Chan Yeol!
- Key!
- Are we doing it right?
- Chan Yeol!
I hope I choose hurdles.
I hope I choose hurdles too.
(It's the last round,
Chan Yeol versus Key.)
- Here we go. Key!
- Chan Yeol!
(Breaking through the doors)
(He runs at full speed
on the massage track.)
(Let's get out of this massage
track as fast as I can.)
Key, just do your best!
(Screaming)
(I can't lose out!)
Key, just do your best!
- Key, you're doing great!
- He's running.
(Chan Yeol gets a boost
in his speed.)
(Despite the massage track,
he runs at full speed again.)
Key, you're doing great!
- Key.
- No way!
(Key is taking the lead only
by a narrow margin.)
(This is a doable. I can catch up.)
- Hey!
- Keep running!
- Chan Yeol!
- Run!
(Will Chan Yeol win?)
Key, just do your best.
You're doing great!
(Which player will cross
the finish line first?)
It's Chan Yeol!
(He endured the pain
as he gritted his teeth.)
(Team Hyun Moo wins.)
Growl, growl, growl
- Growl
- He was amazing.
(I gave my all to this race.)
- We won!
- What is it?
- He stepped over the line.
- What are you talking about?
- Chan Yeol.
- You did well.
- I knew it.
- Goodness, Chan Yeol.
- I did my best though.
- We'll get the Key Guide.
You did a great job.
- Well done. Excellent work.
- My feet hurt.
All right. Our team will be getting
the first Key Guide, right?
Yes! Team Hyun Moo wins!
(What will they learn about Angel
and Demon Master Key?)
(They enter the Room of Reason
to choose the Key Guide.)
We're going to read the Key Guide.
(Team Hyun Moo chooses
the Key Guide.)
"Six players of the winning team..."
"will each point at one player
of their choice."
"The players can check if the
chosen player has the Master Key..."
"or not by themselves."
(Everyone will check
the information alone.)
This is incredible.
- This is too easy.
- I'll finally have some allies!
But we won't know if the Key
is Angel's or Demon's?
We don't know that. We'll only
know if it's a Master Key or not.
- That's limited.
- That's hard.
But isn't this too good
of a Key Guide from the start?
It's not set in stone that
we'll choose that one.
But you'll choose
the first one, won't you?
- Right. You like it, right?
- Let's go with the first one.
- The first one is the best.
- It is, isn't it?
- I choose the 1st one too.
- Let's go with the 1st one.
All right. I'm going to give
you the Judgement Cabinet.
You don't need to tell me
whom you're choosing.
There are so many different phones.
(They can text the crew of
the player they suspect the most.)
But we might ask
about the same player.
Write the player you want
to know about.
Including me? I don't have
to put down my name?
(Why would you type
in your name now?)
- Do whatever you want.
- I need to know who wrote whom.
- Ask if that person has the Key.
- Got it.
- Don't look. Stop looking.
- Okay.
(He studies the room.)
(He's not certain.)
(Which players did players
of Team Hyun Moo choose?)
(Does Jin Young
have the Master Key?)
This one is very obvious.
(Lee Su Geun)
(Does Su Geun have the Master Key?)
(- Does Su Geun have the Master Key?
- Does Daniel have the Master Key?)
(Does Sana have the Master Key?)
(At this time, a familiar-looking
cameraman appears.)
Could you bring the screen closer?
(Be careful.)
(Cameraman Su Geun films
him without a heads-up.)
Gosh, that was close.
I could've gotten him.
I bet he didn't notice me.
- He could've read it.
- I was so close.
I got it.
I got my answer.
(Which player will figure out
the owner of the Key?)
(Jin Young's key is...)
(- Sana's key is...
- Daniel's key is...)
(Does anyone among these players
hold the Key?)
(You have a new message.)
(No way!)
(Chan Yeol seems
to be taken aback.)
(Seong Wu also seems surprised.)
Hey, we're close friends, aren't we?
(I see.)
(Chan Yeol, Seong Wu,
and Jin Young chose Su Geun.)
(Su Geun has the Master Key.)
(It's certain Su Geun is
either the Angel or the Demon.)
(Now, they understand
Su Geun's behavior.)
(Find the angel)
(This key is a Master Key.)
(After receiving the order
of the Master Key,)
(he emphasized that he's Angel.)
(Is that a smile of Angel
to share the prize?)
(Or is it Demon's temptation to
take the prize all to himself?)
(Only Su Geun knows.)
Did you get a satisfactory result?
- I did.
I did.
Those who are satisfied must've
seen the O for sure.
Right.
(3 people found
1 of the 2 Master Keys.)
Let's share it between us.
Just to two of us.
(He might tell him the truth
or false.)
Let's go over there.
Okay.
Then we don't have
anything else to do.
You're not supposed to share it.
(The mind game
for the prize begins.)
Are there two rooms?
- Since we have more information,
- This way, my team.
- let's share it between us first.
- Come here.
Please don't lie.
But...
Let's be honest between us.
Let's be honest please.
Let's start with you, Sun Bin.
I honestly think...
- Not Jin Young?
- No.
(Sun Bin says Jin Young is not
the Master Key.)
What did you find?
Su Geun's the one.
What? Su Geun's the one?
But I think...
Su Geun's the Demon for sure.
- Who is?
- Su Geun.
Did anyone else find the Master Key?
Did you?
You won't believe it.
Who was it?
Sana.
(Henry says Sana's the Master Key.)
Sana too?
I didn't expect Sana.
That's why she kept going like this.
- She avoided talking.
- She kept winking.
She's hiding something.
- She's acting lonely.
- Right.
Are you saying Su Geun and Sana
are the Master Keys?
There isn't one in this team.
(He doubts.)
I'll be very upset if it turns out
that you're the Demon.
I'm honest.
- Don't say it.
- I know it sounds suspicious.
- Is it really?
- It's Sana.
I wish I can show you it's true.
(Is he giving false information
to take the prize himself?)
Wait. Hold on.
There's no guarantee they picked us.
They need to find out.
I've played many tricks.
They might have picked me.
- I'm sure they picked him.
- They probably all picked you.
I'm sure they're surprised too.
I think they all picked you.
Of course.
- Let's check first.
- I trust you.
Why don't you think it could be me?
Look. What's good if you're
the Demon?
You could make people think
you're the Angel,
so you can get more money.
- That's why you're the Demon.
- So we shouldn't get caught.
Look.
That makes you sound like
you're the Demon.
You're so fluent in Korean.
- You're the Demon.
- Don't be like this.
You can trust me...
for sure.
My goodness.
- Let's be honest between us.
- Let's be honest.
Who did you see?
Don't lie.
I was really amazed.
(Who did Hyun Moo see
through the Key Guide?)
Kang Daniel.
That's not right.
You didn't even talk about
Kang Daniel,
but you got a message on him?
I was actually...
going to choose Sana,
(He was going to choose Sana
at first.)
but then Kang Daniel winked at me.
That looked so suspicious.
(What does his wink mean?)
We should trust each other.
First, tell me what you got.
What did you get?
- Me?
- Yes.
(What is the result on choosing
Kang Daniel?)
- Don't try to trick us.
- He's the Master Key.
(Hyun Moo says Kang Daniel
is the Master Key.)
He's the Master Key.
Listen to me.
Isn't it Su Geun and Kang Daniel?
But Henry said it's Sana.
I can't trust Henry.
We must be honest to each other.
- I know, but why are you lying?
- I'm being honest.
(He was almost mistaken
he's in their team.)
- Who are you?
- Pardon?
What are you doing here?
It's definitely not Min Ho.
Did you check me?
Don't say that if you did.
Did you check him?
- He could be lying.
- No.
Come here for a second.
(Me?)
Wait. Wait.
Sit down.
Look.
(What does Chan Yeol wants to
talk about in secret?)
Let me explain.
I'm...
telling you the truth.
We're one team.
- I'll trust you.
- I'm very naive,
and I can't lie.
- I'm telling you the truth.
- Okay.
First, you picked Jin Young,
but he's not the Master Key.
I chose Su Geun,
and it said he's the one.
Look. Su Geun is Demon for sure,
(Chan Yeol says Su Geun
is definitely Demon.)
so I'm Angel.
Trust me. I'm Angel.
I'm telling you the truth
since we're allies.
Then...
I'm honest.
(Chan Yeol could get two votes.)
I'm going to vote for myself.
Including you,
since you're not the Master Key,
I'm going to gather one or two
people who're not the Master Key...
- from now on.
- Okay.
Then you must pick Jin Young...
- because...
- Because he's not it.
He really isn't.
(He's planning to open the box
by getting the most votes.)
(Is Chan Yeol really Angel?)
(What will happen to Chan Yeol
and Sun Bin's secret alliance?)
- They're so into it.
- Isn't it Chan Yeol?
There's an entrance.
I have no idea what's going on.
I can't tell what kind
of game it is.
Be quiet. The Angel is in.
(Angel is here.)
The Angel is so fat.
Su Geun never gets tired.
We don't need to do this
if you trust me.
- You can just choose me.
- Stop it now.
I'm sick of it.
(They don't know if Su Geun is
Angel or Demon.)
For the second game to see
the Key Guide,
- What is it?
- you have to use a dough.
From this...
(Knead Dough in a Row)
(Umbrella)
If it's an umbrella,
you have to make an umbrella
when the rail is on,
and the last person at the line...
must say the answer is an umbrella.
Because it's on a rail,
you must hurry up.
You have to pass it on.
If the last person doesn't
answer it right,
the rest of the team get a penalty.
It's good to be the last person.
I'll be the one to answer.
- I'm really good at answering.
- I'm the best.
I'm really good.
I'm really good at it.
I'm not good at kneading.
(I say yes when everyone says yes.)
Min Ho, you're in my team.
What are you doing over there?
I can be the one to answer.
Go to your team.
- I'm good at kneading.
- I'm sure your team will lose.
You're blaming each other.
Look at my team.
Min Ho has a good sense.
Key's good at making something.
Sana's good enough to go to
a Fine Arts college.
That's what we agreed on.
Right?
He's threatening them.
JR performs with an artistic sense.
(JR performs
with an artistic sense.)
(Okay, fine.
You can be the one to answer.)
You're good at Fine Arts.
(Is Team Hyun Moo going
to be democratic?)
- I'm good at Fine Arts.
- Okay, then you can knead.
- No, no.
- Too late.
- You can knead.
- You have to knead.
- What just happened?
- What about you?
I'm good at making.
I'm pretty confident too.
What about you, Seong Wu?
Do you feel confident?
- Yes.
- What?
- Do you feel confident?
- Yes.
Okay, then I'll be the one
to answer.
Is something wrong?
You're all good at kneading.
I'm not.
- You'll end up making it.
- Hey.
- I can't.
- Go take a shower.
You guys are so dirty.
- Go shower.
- He said they're dirty.
My team agreed on me
answering the question.
(Did we?)
Hey.
(Whatever.)
He's in there.
(Captain Jun rushed to take
the spot.)
- You jerk.
- He took the spot.
They said they're good at kneading.
They said they are.
Hurry up and play the game.
Here's the first category.
Fairy tale, movie, and animal.
This is easy. Get ready.
Everyone, stretch.
Stretch your fingers.
Stretch.
(While Team Hyun Moo's busy
stretching,)
(Daniel's dough is ready.)
(He's playing with the dough
wishing the other team good luck.)
Get ready.
(I'm also ready!)
Ready, set, go. You have to rush.
- What's this?
- What?
(Here's the dough delivery.)
(What is this monster?)
Hey. Don't play dirty.
This is so hard.
- You can try.
- I don't know what that is.
(Someone doesn't know the question.)
(Someone's having fun.)
(He makes a lump.)
- What do I do?
- An apple.
- Not yet.
- It's a movie.
You got it. He's almost done.
Oh, I know what it is.
What is he making?
(I'll give you an apple.)
(You can make it a poisonous apple.)
- What's this?
- What is that?
(He crushes...)
Yes. That's it.
(the apple.)
(What is he doing?)
(He decided to make seven dwarfs.)
Make it big.
This one's the big one.
This one is good.
There are so many.
Just do it.
What is that?
(I will add the details.)
(Ta-da.)
You got it.
(It looks somewhat
like a human being with his touch.)
(The plating completes art.)
Wait for the next one.
(You have a delivery.)
- Hold on.
- What is that?
What is that?
Jun Hyun Moo!
(Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
entered.)
(It's worth arguing
if you look at it with love.)
Jun Hyun Moo!
(It's worth trying if he focuses on
the form and the number of pieces.)
(Will Hyun Moo understand
what his team aimed for?)
- What's this?
- You need it.
2, 1.
Do I just say the answer?
(Because time's up,)
(they get cold water.)
(How could he not see it?)
- He looks like a baby.
- Time's up.
(He's sorry.)
Why did he change it?
What is this?
I almost said Jeju Island.
(Are these islands?)
What are these?
Hyun Moo.
How many small pieces are there?
- Seven.
- Then what's the big one?
Isn't it obvious the big one is
Snow White?
Are you saying this is Snow White?
It's white.
- They're all white.
It's obvious.
(By looking at other team's loss,)
I can tell what the rule is now.
We know how to play it now.
(they get a sense of it.)
Let's switch over.
Follow me Team Angel.
Angel.
(Something fell out.)
What's this?
(He found a shower head.)
You got water in there.
My team won't need towels.
Do you trust me?
- Yes.
- I trust you.
Trust me. Let's do this.
- I do too.
It was so cold.
(We'll pay you back the favor.)
What have they done?
It was like this
when we first received it.
- Really?
- Yes.
Are you ready to get hit by a rock?
(They're in trouble.)
Say May
(He's having fun.)
Are you ready?
Here comes the question.
(The theme is "Frozen".)
(It's easier than the Snow White.)
This is so easy.
It's so easy.
It began.
Split it into two.
Olaf.
Let's make Olaf.
(Olaf for "Frozen")
Olaf.
(Team Su Geun decided to make Olaf.)
(Excited, busy, worried, relaxed)
- It's so easy.
- He adds what he split.
(He completes making
the basic form...)
(calmly.)
- What do I do?
- It's done.
(What do I add onto it?)
The nose.
- Nose?
- The carrot.
The carrot nose and arms.
(It needs a carrot nose and arms.)
It's so easy.
It's an ordinary snowman.
(This is so easy.)
Olaf has three bodies.
- Really?
- Yes.
They need to talk to each other.
(Olaf has three bodies.)
It's an ordinary snowman.
- It's an ordinary snowman.
- Make a long face.
Make a long face.
(They need to change the 2 body
snowman into 3 bodies.)
- It's an ordinary snowman.
- Make a long face.
(Unexpected Christmas)
- Great.
- The eyes.
It looks like a duck.
That's a duck.
(A duck that wants to be Olaf
enters.)
It's a duck.
(They were in rush that two bodied
Olaf with a long face is here...)
(instead of three bodies.)
("The Ugly Duckling"
who wants to be Olaf)
I know!
(Will Su Geun answer it?)
(Please say Olaf.)
A duck!
(This is definitely a duck.)
(A sad premonition...)
(never misses.)
(Why can't he see it?)
Oh, it's cold.
(A passionate dance)
Is it a chicken?
"Frozen".
It's "Frozen"?
I'm more amazed that it's "Frozen".
It was so easy.
(How is this "Frozen"?)
I'd get it if it's a penguin.
This isn't "Frozen" at all.
How can you not see it?
Anyone can tell that this is Olaf.
We put so much effort in making it.
You told us to trust you.
Hey, there were seven pieces
for the Seven Dwarfs.
Then what is this?
What else can you make
for "Frozen"?
There wasn't enough time.
Why didn't you make a snowman
instead?
(Snowman...)
- It is.
- It is a snowman.
- It's a snowman.
- What is this?
- Hands.
Arms.
What is this?
- The carrot.
- Olaf's carrot.
It's Olaf.
Let's move on.
(He knows a snowman, but not Olaf.)
What do you want to do?
Should we keep going or switch?
- I'll continue with kneading.
- With kneading.
Me too.
I want to rest,
but I don't want to be blamed.
Okay. Then I'll answer.
(Thank you, guys.)
They're weird.
They want to continue with kneading.
Please don't alter it.
Don't play dirty.
There's something we prepared.
Get ready.
We must communicate.
Set.
(We'll get it this time.)
Go.
- We need to communicate.
- This is easy.
Go.
(Fair play, my foot.)
This is easy.
(They're making a shape
of a mermaid.)
- This is easy.
- We can do it.
It's easy.
They got it.
(It's only a dough now,)
(but with his touch...)
- It's seaweed.
- I can do this.
What is that?
(He made what looks like a mermaid.)
I can do this.
(It's time for me to make
a princess.)
This.
(He's full of ideas.)
Exaggerate.
No.
- It's the other way.
- Is it?
(A princess maker)
(He's gone too far.)
Come on.
What do you expect me to do?
(Fine art can be provocative
sometimes.)
I give up. Whatever.
- Make the arms.
- You do it.
That's it. The arms.
- Make long arms.
- Make the arms.
- And you know what it is.
Make it sexy.
(It's finally Seong Wu's turn now.)
(The mermaid is missing something.)
(The mermaid needs a tail.)
- I think it's almost done.
- Why do I get all the blames?
It's so easy.
- Don't be like this.
- Why do I get all the blames?
(The tail gives it off.)
(He'll get it.)
It was so easy.
We'll win.
We got this.
(They're satisfied
with their mermaid.)
It's going in.
Please. Just this once.
(We gave you the mermaid.)
(Please get it!)
Please. Just this once.
I know!
(The tail gives it off.)
(It's all ready.)
(He just needs to say it.)
[Kocowa Ver] SBS  E04 Master Key
-= Ruo Xi =-
Make it sexy.
(It's finally Seong Wu's turn now.)
(The mermaid is missing something.)
(The mermaid needs a tail.)
- I think it's almost done.
- Why do I get all the blames?
It's so easy.
- Don't be like this.
- Why do I get all the blames?
(The tail gives it off.)
(He'll get it.)
It was so easy.
We'll win.
We got this.
(They're satisfied
with their mermaid.)
It's going in.
Please. Just this once.
(We gave you the mermaid.)
(Please get it!)
Please. Just this once.
I know!
(The tail gives it off.)
(It's all ready.)
(He just needs to say it.)
Mermaid.
(We did it!)
(Forming, shaping,)
(a sensitive touch, the tail details
and the finish)
Good job.
If we answer it this time,
who wins?
- Was it Sun Bin's idea?
- It was Sun Bin's idea.
Our dough helped them.
(Daniel's dough...)
(helped them.)
He made the shape for us.
Right.
It's you!
(Poor Daniel)
Are you a spy?
Did he see it coming?
It was long. It was helpful.
Good job.
Who's idea was it?
Henry finished it off.
- Henry.
- What did he do?
- Don't be like this.
- Henry.
- That gave it off.
- Really?
Your touch was weird.
How was it weird?
How else do I make it?
If we answer it this time,
it's a tie.
Right.
It's the same category.
- Okay.
- Wait.
- An animal in a children's movie.
- A children's movie?
- I hope it's an animal.
My goodness.
- Spread it out.
- Like this.
- That's good enough.
What's that?
It's not cat's cradle.
- Seriously.
- Are you done?
- Is it a spider's web?
- Are you familiar?
- Gosh.
- It's from a movie.
- Can we trust you this time?
- It's a parasite.
Can we trust you this time?
He's ready.
(Is he worth trusting or not?)
Get ready.
(It's Team Su Geun's last chance.)
I bet it'll be difficult.
Get ready, set, go.
- What should we do?
- It's very easy.
(It's their keyword
of highest difficulty.)
What can we do with that?
Come on, it's too easy.
- No way. It's too easy.
- You can't lift it.
- You shouldn't lift it.
- What should I do?
- You must communicate.
- How about this finger?
- It's already shaped.
- How about this shape?
- How about this?
- It's already shaped.
(Min Ho makes something similar
to a spider shape.)
(We need to add something else.)
That's all we need.
(The difference between
a man and Spider Man)
Gosh, it's too easy.
Look at that.
That's a good idea.
- It's more similar.
- Goodness.
- It's getting dangerous.
- Are you doing well?
What's with the facial expression?
- I'm worried.
- They're so good.
It's difficult after all.
- It's difficult after all.
- She ruined it.
- Stop it.
- That's good.
- Is it a tadpole?
- It's good.
- Excuse me.
- Is it a tadpole?
- Do this.
- It looks good.
- It's impossible to guess wrong.
- It's a drunk person in Gangnam.
- Wake up.
It's someone drunk. There are many
during New Year's.
- He's completely drunk.
- Right.
- It's done.
- He threw up.
(We did our best.
Please guess the right answer.)
- Will he guess right?
- He threw up?
I know the answer.
(He shouts confidently.)
(Its lying down pose)
I know the answer.
(He won't guess wrong again.)
(Will he recognize their intention
behind their creation?)
"Superman".
(How could he get this wrong?)
(Water falls on them
thanks to their team leader.)
(They want to cry.)
Is it wrong?
Come on.
- Goodness.
- "Spiderman".
What?
You aren't observant at all.
- They made spider webs.
- I didn't see them.
- I resent him.
- On the hands,
she added some detail.
Gosh, I didn't see them.
Team Hyun Moo wins.
(Team Hyun Moo wins
the second mission.)
We lost again.
Listen, everyone. I'm really sorry.
I gave you useful information
that I'm the Angel.
(She can't believe her ears.)
I'm the Angel.
- Stop lying.
- I'm...
Please stop it. I'm the Angel.
- It's me.
- I gave you useful information.
I've never seen her this angry.
(He insists that everyone is Angel.
What is he?)
Why do they think that about me?
This is not even...
worth listening to.
I'm the Angel.
(His voice echoes into
an empty space.)
(Get people's votes.)
(He's confused while eating.)
I'm the Angel.
I'm serious.
- What about Su Geun?
- I don't know.
We never verified it.
He seems like Demon.
Give me a chance to prove it.
I'll find out when
I take my next chance.
- Really?
- Yes.
If it's true, I'll support you...
- Really?
- fully.
- Do you promise?
- Yes.
Thank you for supporting me.
(I trust you, Seong Wu.)
Good luck.
- Enjoy your food.
- Thank you.
(It's hard to earn votes.)
Being Angel is so lonely.
I'm the Angel.
(He tries to persuade Daniel.)
Seriously. I don't want to be pushy.
- It's been unfair.
- Is that so?
If you vote for me,
both of us will be happy.
Everyone looks down on me,
but all of you will be surprised.
Seriously.
- I feel like a fool.
- Then I'm an Angel.
Give me a chance to prove myself.
I'm not asking you to vote.
Give me a chance...
to prove myself.
- Has it been unfair?
- Yes.
Won't you be embarrassed
when the show gets aired?
Stop lying.
- What should I do?
- I really...
don't want to ask this.
I'll bring it up next time
when we take a chance.
It's so difficult.
No one believes me.
I'll bring it up.
Trust me.
It's harder than
"Show Me The Money".
(Being Angel is harder than rap.)
Gosh, it's so frustrating.
(Will Min Ho prove himself?)
- What should we do?
- We must choose wisely.
Will we choose
three members to see...
if they have a Master Key?
They can be from our team.
- This option allows...
- We choose who.
- Only one person can find out.
- only the team leader to find out.
However, the team leader can lie.
- I won't lie. Trust me.
- Jin Young.
- Let's choose three members.
- Who?
- Three members.
- Please pick me.
Let's pick him.
- No.
- That's a good idea.
Please pick me.
(Let's see.)
(Min Ho wants to prove himself.)
Give me a chance to prove myself.
Stop lying.
(What will Team Hyun Moo decide?)
Three members that we choose...
Who are they?
Sana.
(One of them is Sana.)
JR.
(Sana and JR)
- Daniel.
- Okay.
(Sana, JR, and Daniel)
(Wait a minute.)
(He's speechless.)
Listen.
You don't seem suspicious at all.
It's pointless to choose you.
Go to Judgement Cabinet.
This means that...
you don't trust me.
You'd better not lie.
None of them have it.
- I trust you one last time.
- Okay.
- 1 for Sana.
- 1.
What if Jin Young is Demon?
- JR.
- I can't look, right?
- Daniel.
- Let's go.
- We have to stay away.
(It's time to announce the result.)
Does any of the three
have a Master Key?
(The answer will
determine their fate.)
(Everyone looks at Jin Young.)
(Only Jin Young can see the result.)
(What's the truth that he'll see?)
(Neither Sana, JR, nor Daniel
has a Master Key.)
(He's shocked.)
I saw the result.
(Henry suspects Sana.)
(Hyun Moo suspects Daniel.)
(Both of them are wrong.)
(They don't help the team at all.)
(You should have picked me.)
- I saw the result.
- You shouldn't lie. Come here.
- Is anyone close to him?
- No.
Can you tell if he's lying?
- They're watching his lips.
- Tell us later.
- You should hide.
- Hey.
- He can say what he read,
- Don't.
- but he could be lying.
- Stop trying to find out.
Okay.
- He could tell the truth.
- Pretend you didn't see it.
It's part of our strategy.
(There is none.)
(Jin Young tells the truth.)
That's shocking.
My goodness.
(4 from Team Su Geun are revealed.)
What should we do? Can we go on?
Let's continue.
(Will Team Hyun Moo
get closer to the Angel?)
- That was right.
- It's pointless.
- No one has it?
- Sana has no Master Key?
- No.
- Wait, Hyun Moo.
Can the 4 of us talk for 5 minutes?
Without me?
Let us talk for five minutes.
(Daniel, Sana, and JR don't have
the Master Key.)
(They find out that he was lying.)
We have a collaboration performance.
We have work schedule next week.
- Wait a minute.
- Give us five minutes.
- You can't do this to me.
- All we have to do...
- Shall we move away?
- is be honest.
You weren't honest first.
- Henry wants to exclude you.
- What makes you think that?
- Exclude him.
- Let's talk.
He seems like a liar.
I like Jin Young,
so let me talk to him.
Henry. Chan Yeol.
To be exact,
I have two chances to vote.
It's a huge advantage.
- You can vote for yourself.
- Right.
- Can you?
So I am going to
talk to three people.
That's already five votes,
including my votes.
If the votes get spread out there,
I will have a chance.
At first, I was going to
reveal that I was the Angel.
But everyone claimed
to be an Angel.
(Chan Yeol might be
telling the truth.)
Overall, we have the advantage.
And I...
- There he is.
- Jin Young.
You saw an X, didn't you?
Min Ho told me
he was an Angel too.
- What?
- You saw an X, didn't you?
It's me.
- Anyway, remember what I said.
- Okay.
Everyone's got an X, right?
You saw an X here, didn't you?
No. Yours...
(His words and action don't match.)
- Yours was an X.
- Look at you.
I saw an O here.
- You just saw an X, didn't you?
- I just saw an O.
I think we're safe here.
- Anyway, I have two votes.
- Right.
If just 3 people vote for me,
I will get 5 votes,
and I will have a big chance
to win.
Sun Bin and I talked,
and we became certain
that Su Geun is Demon.
My plan is...
to talk to Seong Wu,
Jin Young, and you.
If I get your votes,
I will be able to win nicely.
Who should I point out
as an angel?
It should be me.
- Are you Angel?
- Yes.
(Is he Angel too?)
- But at first, I...
- He could be telling the truth.
Right.
Anyway, I have two votes.
I am in an advantageous position.
We just have to stay like this.
What will we do?
Can't you trust me once?
- Just the three of you.
- Isn't it embarrassing to say it?
No.
We know. You fool...
(Blonde Angel Min Ho
has entered the room.)
This team is fun. Everyone
pretends to be an angel.
Please trust me. Please, Min Ho.
Come on, Sana.
- Check the result.
- We will.
I won't say more. You...
- He said he won't say no more.
- I am more confused.
- I am sorry I am late.
- I told you so many times.
Who came later than me?
Mr. Demon.
You are Demon.
(They both flap their arms.)
What's this?
- I am flapping my wings.
- He's a bat.
Don't you see
the computer-generated wings?
I see a bat. Demon.
This is the last game, isn't it?
Everyone wanted to
play this game again.
Everyone asked
for one more round of it.
- Do you remember it?
- Yes.
Even if you get only two letters,
you can shout an answer.
You can guess it.
This game is Don't Show Your Back.
The person who combines
the letters on the opponents'...
backs and comes up
with the answer wins.
Each of you has to
be careful not to...
reveal the letter on your back.
And you should try to see
the letters on your opponent's back.
If you have a guess, jump
and say the answer. Okay?
You have to get the mic.
- Do you understand it, Sana?
- No.
- Each of us will wear...
- You can't see the back.
- one letter on our back.
- One letter each.
And the letters will be combined.
"Anck Su Namum".
Why would you use
"Anck Su Namum" as an example?
- That film is so old.
- She's an Egyptian queen.
Our members are tall.
Our average height is tall.
- Let's go.
- Cheers.
What is it?
- Watch out.
- They can see it.
Once they see this letter,
the game is over.
The person who is strong
and who can hide it well...
- should wear this.
- Should I...
Should I wear that one?
Yes. You can handle it, right?
- Is this an important one?
- It is.
- You can't let them see it.
- They can't see that.
They can't see that.
I am playing an important role,
right?
You are playing an important role.
You can't let them see it.
Yours and Chan Yeol's are crucial.
Yes, I am playing an important role.
Gather up while facing the front.
Here's our strategy.
Key will infiltrate into their side.
That's your job.
They will have no idea anyway.
Your job is to infiltrate.
You should run forward
as soon as the game begins.
- I will see everyone's letter.
- Let them see yours.
If he does his job well...
We will be good.
Let's go.
Wait.
- Wait.
- All right.
We might get hurt
if we play the game right away.
Why don't we dance first?
When the song ends,
we can start the game.
Be careful.
(What just happened?)
- Be careful.
- Let's dance to the music.
Daniel. 1, 2, 3, go.
(He tries his best
not to show his back.)
(I won't show it to you.)
Next.
(Seong Woo counterattacks.)
(He moves only minimally.)
Key.
No. Key.
I saw it!
(I got you.)
I saw it.
Who's next?
(Let me see your back.)
(While dancing, they try to
see what's on each other's back.)
(He nearly gave it to them.)
Sana.
Let's go!
(It's a new kind of dance.)
(How will we live without Sana?)
Sun Bin, you're up next.
(Sun Bin enters the stage.)
(That was a perfect wave.)
(Round 1 starts.)
Let's go.
Go, Key. Attack.
Attack, Key.
Watch out.
(He bumps his head on the wall.)
I am sorry.
(Is he hurt?)
(They check his letter.)
I am sorry.
("Ja")
- It's "Ja".
Come here.
- Whose is it?
- I will show you my skill.
"Ja".
(Key attacks for the second time.)
(Key and Hyun Moo's
back are revealed at the same time.)
(It's "Gae" and "Ri".)
I saw it.
It's "Gae".
- I see it.
- It's "Ri".
- "Ri".
- "Ja" and "Ri".
Come here. Whose is it?
- Whose was it?
- I'll show you my skill.
(He lies down and slides down
to the other side.)
(He becomes one with the floor.)
Are you okay?
Can you get up?
(His letter will be revealed
as soon as he gets up.)
(He spots a prey.)
"Gae".
What are you doing?
What is he doing?
("Eun")
"Eun".
(3 letters from Team Hyun Moo
are revealed.)
("Pyo")
No. No.
- "Pyo".
- No.
- "Eun", "Ri", "Pyo", "Ja".
- Wait.
- "Eun", "Ri", "Pyo", "Ja"?
- "Ri".
- "Pyo".
- Okay.
- No.
What's that?
- What's that?
(The letter got stuck on the wall.)
(It's "Eum".)
- What's this?
- "Ja" and "Ri".
"Eum".
What is it? What's the answer?
I got the answer.
A treble clef.
(A treble clef)
Okay.
Did you see that?
A treble clef.
Okay.
(He revealed the crucial hint.)
- What's that?
- Did you see that?
- What was that?
- Show them the letters.
We will shout the letters loudly.
- We will shout the letters.
- Okay.
- Then you can guess the answer.
- You and I can guess the answer.
You can't be aggressive.
Your letters got revealed
while moving around.
(The letters for Round 2
are revealed.)
- Which word has this letter?
- These two...
It's easy.
- These two should be...
- What's this?
given to the people
who are good.
This is important.
- This is...
- How about you?
- You should take that word.
- Can you do it?
- Should I take it?
- It's important.
- I never reveal my letter, do I?
- It's easy.
I just bite their hands.
You guys can reveal your letters.
(Team Hyun Moo's word
is mitochondria.)
- What's this?
- Popcorn.
(Come on, Henry.)
What's up with him?
- It's a different word.
- This is tough.
I don't know what it is.
Good job.
(She lies flat on top.)
(She guards it with her life.)
Nobody is looking.
Nobody is looking, Sun Bin.
That was so desperate.
- I thought she collapsed.
- She was amazing.
You take this one.
(She's determined
to guard the letter.)
We have to dance again.
Music, please.
You know who's
in the infiltration team.
(Yes, sir.)
Should we do a group dance?
Let's dance together.
(Chan Yeol dances first,)
(and JR dances back.)
I will do it first. Follow me.
1, 2, 3. Follow me.
Follow me.
(The techno troop
marches forward.)
(This is how you
dance in group.)
Follow me.
- Let's do B-boying.
- We can't see anything.
B-boying.
He's good.
(Did you think
I was going to turn back?)
Just tease them.
(Here we go.)
Let's go.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
Let's start.
- Watch out.
- We're playing in formation.
- Attack.
- Did it start?
- Attack!
- Watch out, Jin Young.
- We will know when we see one.
- Did it start?
Start.
(Chan Yeol attacks.)
(What?)
"Ah".
(His letter got revealed
only in 1 second.)
("Ah")
What is it?
"Ah".
Chan Yeol.
I got it.
"Bi".
"Ah".
("Bi")
"Bi".
Was it you?
Come on.
("Ri")
"Ri".
(2 letters of Team Hyun Moo
are revealed.)
(Chan Yeol attacks Min Ho.)
("S")
"S".
- "Ah" and "Ri".
- "S".
(2 letters are revealed
for each team.)
"S" something.
- "Ah" and "Ri".
- Don't show your letter. That's it.
Protect it.
(Su Geun is protected.)
That's it. Protect it.
(Why is he so strange?)
(Chan Yeol attacks Su Geun.)
- Protect it.
- What's that?
(He's in trouble.)
This letter is important.
- Can you...
- You should take this one.
Should I take this one?
I never reveal mine, do I?
(They will be in trouble
if the letter "Moi" is revealed.)
I just bite their hands.
Sana and I...
(2 letters are revealed
for both teams.)
"Moi".
I got it.
- I know it.
- What is it?
- I got it.
- I know it.
(They got the important word.)
(They got "Bi" "S" and "Moi".)
- Mobius strip.
Chan Yeol got it.
Come on, Su Geun.
You should've protected me.
Was I supposed
to protect you?
Two people should've
protected me.
What did you guys do?
What did you do there?
(Team Hyun Moo's
word is mitochondria.)
Come on. Stop that.
(Team Hyun Moo's
word is mitochondria.)
This is the finals now.
It's the finals.
This is...
- This is easy.
- This is too easy.
This is too easy.
The ones with these two letters
will attack.
- This should be protected.
- This is bad.
If they attack you,
just beat them.
- Just beat them.
- Really?
It's the finals now.
(They will have to fight
with their full force.)
No. Then... Okay.
That's good.
(They guard each other.)
That's not bad.
(They copy right away.)
What are you doing?
(You should get the permission.)
- It's not bad.
- Let's go.
(Which team will get another hint?)
- Go!
- Come on.
- The final round begins.
- Let's go.
This is the finals.
(The final round begins.)
Let's go.
Henry.
(Henry unexpectedly
approaches them.)
("Bo")
"Bo".
(His letter is "Bo".)
They didn't see it.
They saw it.
- It's "Bo".
- "Bo".
(Everyone saw it.)
- Wait.
(Let's attack.)
- "Bo".
- What's that?
("Ma")
("Bo" and "Ma" are revealed.)
(Su Geun has an idea.)
- "Bo".
- What's that?
"Bo" and "Ma".
- "Bae".
Look at my letter.
Just show them your letters.
I am confident to win. Come on.
Turn back. If you trust me,
turn back.
- Why are you yelling?
- Come on!
(What is he saying?)
- Say the answer.
- Say it.
- Trust me.
- Say the answer.
All right. I got the answer.
It's a movie title. You move back.
Do you want me
to give you a chance?
Choi Min Sik is in it.
You're joking.
(Su Geun makes guesses.)
There's "Ma".
Why don't you trust me?
"I Saw the Devil".
("I Saw the Devil")
(Team Su Geun wins.)
Why didn't you trust me?
I told you to reveal your letters.
Why don't you trust me?
I trusted you, but you were upset.
I am sorry, but it's not
as easy as you say.
It's just like you claiming
to be an angel.
We could...
(Team Su Geun obtains
the last Key Guide.)
- This is great.
- It's really great.
"You're joking."
(It's time to make an inference.)
This is crazy.
Let me ask you a favor.
- What?
- Key.
If you are Demon,
I admire your acting skill.
But don't say that you are Angel.
Say that to them.
You seem to be Angel.
It's so obvious.
You saw the sunlight
coming through, didn't you?
It's the Angel's light.
It's my halo.
I am the Angel.
I think everyone is
buying Su Geun's idea.
Su Geun convinced them.
Wait.
I hid it because...
Why did you hid it?
Why did you...
- I will explain from the start.
- Tell me everything.
- First of all...
- Who's the angel?
- How can you be so slow?
- I am the Angel.
- He talked to only a few...
- I approached one person each time.
I needed to get a lot of votes
and make it fun.
But actually...
So you are Angel.
- It should remain a secret.
- All right.
- So we're allies, right?
- We are.
- I can count on her.
- X.
(Su Geun coughs.)
They must look at me...
and question why
I am being interviewed alone.
Nobody cares.
(They're not interested
in Su Geun at all.)
They all think of me as Demon.
It's sad. I told them the truth.
For over six hours, I've been
telling them I'm Angel.
They should at least cast doubts.
Nobody trusts me.
Not even one person.
(I am desperate for your trust.)
Why isn't my team
looking for me?
Su Geun ruined everything.
(They are busy badmouthing him.)
Su Geun is Demon.
What's the truth?
Su Geun is Demon, and I am Angel.
(Is Min Ho telling the truth?
Or is he acting badly?)
It's certain then.
I was the only one
telling the truth.
Didn't Seong Wu say anything?
I want to use the chance
and check if he's telling the truth.
Then just put me
on the Judgement Cabinet.
- I mean it.
- Doesn't he sound truthful?
- I am.
- Both of them sound truthful.
- I am convinced that you're not.
- I think he is.
I want to trust you too.
Then you can trust him.
(He's been diligently
building trust.)
- I have to either trust you or...
- Right.
I won't force you to trust me.
If you are Demon,
that would be shocking.
- I am not Demon.
- X.
(Is Chan Yeol really Angel?)
In my life,
I was never considered a liar.
I am naive,
and I do my work well.
Why do they not trust me?
Can you scratch my bag?
Why is it so itchy?
Why is my back suddenly so itchy?
(What is the real identity
of Su Geun?)
This Key Guide is going to be
very important.
(Who is Angel and who is Demon?)
Jin Young said he got an O.
How can he get an O
when my name isn't there?
I trust people too easily.
I am tired of this now.
The shoulders.
Your shoulders must be
all relaxed now.
- We...
- Which one do we choose?
Choosing five people
randomly is the best option.
- We have nothing to lose.
- We got nothing to lose.
- What's the point of choosing one?
- This is our last chance.
I think that's the best option.
It's my idea.
But the ones we have
already checked...
might get chosen again.
This is the best option.
Yes, it is the best option.
We don't have many choices.
You are nothing, and
you act as if you're something.
I want to prove myself.
Hyun Moo.
We will choose five players
randomly,
and check if one of them
has the Master Key.
- Yes.
- We will pick that one.
One of the five people
will have the Master Key.
But only we get to
know the result, right?
Only our team can know the result.
One of them has the Master Key.
- Please reveal the list.
- Reveal the list.
(Who are the 5 people
who might have the Master Key?)
See? My name is on there.
(Daniel, Min Ho, Sana, JR,
and Chan Yeol)
I told you.
You can't say that loudly.
(1 of them has the Master Key,
and the other 4 don't have it.)
Keep your voice down.
Min Ho was the most
active person without anything.
I checked it.
No way.
Now it's certain.
Now you have more reasons to trust me.
See? I told you.
- You have to trust me more.
- It's me.
Didn't you see it?
Only Demon remains a mystery.
- My head hurts now.
- I know.
I told you. You just have to
find who Demon is.
I am Angel.
1 of these 5 people
have the Master Key.
Look at you.
I am sorry, but can you move,
Mr. Nobody?
I am not worried at all.
- I am not worried at all.
- Are we certain now?
The rest are...
(Is Su Geun Angel or Demon?)
That was really surprising,
wasn't it?
This is really difficult.
Now, it's time to decide.
Get your key...
- and...
- Room of Fate.
Let's go to the Room of Fate.
It's me. I am telling you.
It's Su Geun and...
Su Geun is Demon, and I am Angel.
- No.
- Why?
The Angel is Chan Yeol.
No, he got an X.
It's really me. I mean it.
- Demon can't win in this world.
- Right.
I can't live in the world
where Demon wins.
Really?
If I am Demon...
What will you bet this time?
What should I bet?
What If I am Demon?
- What will you bet?
- Anything you want.
- Really?
- I can bet anything.
Really?
Invite me to your concert.
Okay. I will. Say I'm Demon.
I can invite you.
If I am Demon,
I'll invite you as our guest.
Really? Yes!
(Yes!)
You are really happy.
(I am a successful fan.)
You've got ballots.
Don't write down two names.
Write your name on the very top.
Write down the name of the person
who has the Angel's Master Key.
- Okay? Just one person.
- Okay.
If you don't have any idea,
you may write my name for fun.
- Just for fun.
- He's very persistent.
Wait. How about Demon?
- Just Angel this time.
- Just Angel.
(They have to guess who has
the Angel's Master Key.)
(Who is the Angel?)
We have to write the name.
- I am happy.
- It's over.
- Should I put it here?
(The voting is over.)
It's really nerve-racking now.
This is a blockbuster variety show,
Mater Key.
(The prize box is revealed.)
Please.
The player who received
the most number of...
votes will be revealed.
- Who got the most number of votes?
- Who is it?
Many people thought
of this person to be the angel.
All right. Please reveal the result.
- This is really nerve-racking.
- I am scared.
It's beating fast.
A lot of people believed
this person to be the angel.
(Only 1 player will get the chance
to open the prize box.)
Please reveal the result.
(Only 1 player will get the chance
to open the prize box.)
It's scary.
Really?
(Chan Yeol got the most votes.)
- Really?
- You made the right choice.
- Chan Yeol.
- Really?
Did Chan Yeol get the most votes?
- He's Demon.
He's nothing.
- Chan Yeol, go up the podium.
- Yes.
- Chan Yeol is...
- I trust him.
- Chan Yeol...
- I trust you.
Whether he's the angel or not,
he will take the key.
- A gold bar.
- He'll take the gold bar...
because he got the most votes.
- I am dizzy.
- But he's actually Demon.
- What is he?
- Put your key...
in the keyhole.
If the key doesn't unlock the box,
it means he's not the owner of
the Master Key.
It means he's just a normal player.
But if the key unlocks the box,
and if he's Angel,
the light will turn green.
If he's Demon,
the light will turn red.
he will get the prize...
- I wish he's Demon.
- multiplied by the votes.
- I think he's Demon.
- You better be Angel.
- Check...
- I trust you.
- You didn't trust me.
- if it's the Master Key.
- This is crazy.
- It's in.
- Maybe he's Demon.
- Let's check...
if it's the Master Key.
- Should I turn the key?
- You should.
He's Demon.
You are...
- I think he's Demon.
- No.
- Let's see.
- It's true.
- I am dizzy.
- You thought he was Angel.
Let's check if it's the Master Key.
(The box didn't open.)
(He wasn't the owner of
the Master Key.)
- He's nobody.
- He was nobody.
Is he nobody?
Then why did he talk so much?
I talked the most.
Why didn't you choose me?
- He talked so much.
- I thought...
(How did Chan Yeol win?)
(This key is not the Master Key.)
(Nothing was special until then.)
(He earned the Gold Chance Card
through the Watcher vote.)
(And he earned the chance
to vote twice in the final vote.)
I am getting replies.
(And he checked that Su Geun was
the owner of the Master Key.)
At first, I didn't want anything,
but now I want to give it a go.
I am Angel.
You are my ally,
so I am telling you this.
I have two votes, you know?
If their votes get dispersed,
I will have a chance.
I am Angel.
It's...
Chan Yeol is Angel.
No, he got an X.
I am so nervous.
(It was the result of
his hard work.)
I started the fire.
(He got the most number of votes.)
This is a game.
(Chan Yeol wins the game.)
He was nobody.
- Was he nobody?
- Is he just the normal Player?
- Did you get an X?
- Nobody from our team chose him.
- He's not Angel.
- Look at that.
- Seven votes?
- He gets everything.
- He gets seven.
- This is unfair.
- Does he get 12 then?
- Does he get 12?
Be quiet.
This is crazy.
How could you...
- I trusted you.
- Stop it.
I can't believe it.
You're in no position to be
talking right now.
Who's Angel and who's Demon?
The two owners of the Master Key
should step forward.
My goodness.
Min Ho.
Is he Angel?
Is he Demon?
- You're not it.
- Please go up the podium.
- I told you. Right?
- Min Ho.
- I knew about Min Ho.
- You didn't know.
But I knew about you.
You were too talkative.
- You...
- Is it really Min Ho?
You...
- Min Ho.
- Really?
- What's up with her?
- Min Ho.
I am sorry.
Nobody listened to me.
You talked way too much.
Between Su Geun and Min Ho,
who do you think is Angel?
I think it's Su Geun.
- I think so too.
- Two votes for Su Geun.
(Even if)
Hey.
(You regret it now)
Su Geun.
Let's check...
- Su Geun's Master Key.
- Please.
Let's see.
(He had the Angel's Master Key.)
Why did I get beaten?
- What was it?
- A book fell down.
I planted you.
Min Ho was Demon.
My goodness.
(From the beginning, he's been
claiming to be Angel.)
(This key is the Angel's
Master Key.)
I am certain about it.
(He always spoke the truth.)
(But everyone doubted him.)
You know we're on the same boat.
I will put my hand on my chest
and say this.
(He put his hand on his chest
and even knelt down.)
(People continued to accuse him of
being the demon.)
It's not showing.
It's because you're nobody.
(The other Master Key went
to Min Ho, the Demon.)
(He started pretending
to be Angel.)
What did it say on your screen?
- It said it was the Angel's Key.
- What was it?
The Angel's Key.
(Why did he stammer?)
(He couldn't
keep a good poker face.)
(So he decided to talk
to one person at a time.)
(But everyone turned away from him.)
I can't be the demon.
Why didn't you...
Why didn't you doubt for one
second that I could be Angel?
I trusted Chan Yeol.
- I am sorry.
- All right.
Today's winner is Chan Yeol.
Congratulations.
(What will happen
on the next episode?)
(The psychological warfare gets
even more intense.)
(The moment you trust someone,
you will be fooled.)
(The moment you are deceived,
you will lose.)
- I am Angel.
- Turn off the light.
(They have to run,
spin, and fight...)
(to find Angel and Demon.)
(Angel will whisper,
and Demon will lure.)
- Are you Angel or are you Demon?
(The Master Key, Angel and Demon)